You know. it's kind of ironic.
Tappen being involved
is the only thing that's broken our way.
How could that possibly be
a point in our favor?
Because I know how he operate.
A deal with a dictator
only lasts as long as they want it to.
Once you become inconvenient.
they take you out.
Tappen likes to take that option
off the table.
What do you mean?
Tappen likes to use a dead man's switch.
I couldn't be
more supportive of your goals.
What I'm talking about
is how you achieve them.
You can take control
at the barrel of a gun.
but you'll never be able
to put that gun away.
Or you can have everything you want
handed to you in response to tragedy.
I believe the phrase is.
"What's in it for you?"
Once your control is permanent and secure.
you'll be able to aid in regional matters
that will ultimately
help me elevate my own position.
Tappen tells his partners
that not only has he collected
and recorded evidence of their crimes.
but that if anything happens to him.
that evidence gets automatically released
to the press and law enforcement
all around the world.
That means they can't take him out
without taking themselves out.
But if I eliminate Tappen.
that triggers his dead man's switch.
And Carmo and Soares goes down
when whatever he had over them comes up.
We can't be sure
he made this kind of agreement.
Tappen was the man on the motorcycle.
Poe saw his face.
That makes him a liability.
If he didn't have anything over them.
he'd be dead already.
That's all well and good.
but how are you
planning to take out Tappen
if you can't even go out for a soda?
I turn myself in.
I see how that gets you killed.
They won't get rid of me
until they have Poe.
If I get into a room with Tappen.
I can take him out.
Even if that were true. how are you
planning to get out of the room?
You can't go in there
just to sacrifice yourself.
That's not your decision.
That doesn't mean I'm gonna sit here
and watch you make the wrong one.
-Can you come with me. please?
-Why?
Because I fear I might yell at you.
and I don't want to wake up the others.
You have to stop doing this.
You don't even understand
what's going on right now.
What? Tell me.
It wasn't even
supposed to be her building.
It was supposed to be the other tower
until her dad brought me in to help.
And with the two of us working together.
Tappen knew it was only a matter of time
before we figured out
something was wrong with the operation.
and that made him nervous.
and so he blew up his building!
Everybody around me keeps dying.
and I keep on making it out.
and I don't know why.
Listen to me.
You didn't blow up that building.
They did.
But if you do this alone
and don't come back to Poe.
she will suffer all over again.
Because she needs you.
Not just to finish this.
but to survive what comes after.
This idea that Ferraz recorded a tape
isn't true. but Carmo doesn't know that.
So?
So we make our own
and use it to lure them out.
Osip says he could
definitely get something on the tape.
but nothing strong enough to kill them.
It doesn't need to kill them.
just be strong enough to scare them.
I'll take care of the rest.
How do we get the tape to Tappen?
My father has a condo in the city
by way of a shell company.
We could use that
as a honeypot for the tape.
Let's go.
Hello. gentlemen.
I know this isn't the voice
you were expecting to hear.
And that's just the beginning
of all your problems.
This way. please.
We want Creasy.
And everything you've been telling us
is getting us nowhere.
A tunnel.
There's no fucking tunnel
like the one you described.
I never said I saw it.
I said a tunnel is what Creasy told me
he was going to use to get out. I…
Listen to me.
It's become clear that applying pain
to you isn't improving your answers.
So we're gonna start applying it
to your family.
Is that what you want?
Huh?
For them to suffer?
So that you can what?
Huh?
Protect Creasy? Come on.
I don't know.
I told you I was…
-I don't know.
-What the fuck are you doing here?
How did you do it?
I gotta…
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
What the fuck are you doing?
Have you lost your fucking mind?
He's been lying to us.
-What are you talking about?
-The whole time. spinning bullshit.
Running us in circles when an FRP unit
staged a raid to free his fucking family.
How the fuck
could he connect with the FRP?
Creasy helped him.
And while he's had us chasing ghosts.
Creasy had the time
to plan almost anything.
Well. then what?
We should check the security guard--
You are coming with me.
What?
Thanks to that little
dead man's switch insurance policy
you've worked out for yourself.
you receive the same level
of protection as President Carmo.
Yeah.
Well. you can tell President Carmo
I can look out for myself.
I'm much more efficient
looking for Creasy by my--
Listen to me. God damn it!
Carmo doesn't give a fuck
about looking out for you.
He's looking out for hisself.
As long as your death puts him at risk.
he's not taking any chances. So…
you can be escorted to safer quarters.
or I can have you dragged there.
Okay. let's be quick.
Take all these paintings down.
Push back those chairs.
Take these down.
Yeah. One. two.
Where's the saw?
Vico was supposed to grab it.
What happened?
You didn't bring the saw.
Thank you.
L. E…
S.
S. R. 1.
Okay.
Hey.
I thought you might be thirsty.
Thank you.
It's nothing.
- You getting ready?
- Yeah.
You're not scared?
No…
No. I am.
But I remember why I'm doing it.
What is…
What is LESS… R-1?
Lesser one?
Uh. it's left. straight forward.
stairway on the right. first floor.
-No.
-Mm.
My dad used mnemonics all the time
to remember everything.
We even had a family mnemonic made out
of the first letters of all of our names.
Because. you know. we…
we moved around a lot. So…
He always said. "No matter where we are.
as long as we're together. we're always…"
"We're always in the city of…"
I'm excited about today's guest.
- Super excited. wow!
- It's a great pleasure.
Is it your first time with us?
Good morning. Brazil!
Today. I'll teach--
BREAKING NEWS
We are witnesses of unimaginable cruelty.
And we will respond with full force
on this very dark day
in the history of our nation.
where more than 600 innocent lives
were taken.
For this abomination. we will hunt them.
The American John Creasy and the people
that helped him will pay dearly…
Looks like a robbery to me.
Who's doing the breadcrumbs?
You up for it?
Yeah.
- Oh fuck.
- What?
Fuck.
Everybody to the van.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Hey! Hey!
Go! Go!
Stop or I'll shoot!
Come out with your hands up!
Open! Open! Open! Open!
Creasy!
-No! No!
-Creasy!
Just go. go. go. I'll do something.
Where's Creasy?
He said he'd make his way back. just go!
- What are you doing?
- The breadcrumbs.
We didn't get a chance to do it.
Without that the whole thing doesn't work.
Go. go.
What are you doing?
Vico!
Go. go. go!
Oh fuck!
Don't shoot! Don't shoot! I'm not armed.
Your hand. dammit. Hold it.
You're busted.
Hey.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. fine. Fine. fine.
Shit.
Where's Vico?
He jumped out of the van
in the garage.
What. why?
He was afraid that
no one had left the necessary clues.
No. I could have handled that.
I could've handled that!
I'm sorry.
Fuck!
It's fine.
That was supposed to be
the easy part.
Where's Poe?
Where is he?
Go.
This is bullshit. you know.
You can't just keep me here
like a prisoner.
Davi. give me the photos.
Creasy hit this place earlier today.
Middle of the city in broad daylight.
with the entire world looking for him.
and he robs an apartment.
Whatever was in here.
he thought it was worth
the considerable risk.
Money.
I can think of 20 other ways
he could get his hands on cash. I don't…
Well. then what?
I don't know.
You know.
for all your talk of understanding
how Creasy operates and all that shit.
you don't seem to be any better
at figuring out his next move
than the rest of us.
Get everyone ready.
We're leaving.
We picked up one of the guys
that hit the condo with Creasy.
You want to get out of this room.
come talk to him
and get some actionable information.
Because if we don't figure out
what Creasy's up to.
I have a strong feeling
he's going to show us.
And I don't think we're gonna like it.
Let's go.
What's going on?
I got in.
- You found the password?
- Mm.
That's a good thing. right?
I just wanted to see their faces again.
I thought it would
make me feel better. but. uh…
It's like all the memories
have been poisoned.
Where was this?
It's a park.
-You went there just to take the picture?
-Yeah.
It's supposed to be
a Christmas card.
My dad thought
we only needed a camera and a tripod.
My brothers. um…
They weren't paying attention.
so all the pictures kinda came out awful.
And we started--
We started arguing. and. uh…
my mom took the camera and just…
-She just gave it to a stranger.
-Mm.
That's all he took.
And at the end.
when he gave the camera back…
…he said we were a beautiful family.
That's not poison.
Everything you care about.
it's all still in there.
And that doesn't mean
that you won't have pain.
But you don't have
to go through that alone.
Yeah.
Who's gonna be there?
I will.
Really?
Yes. ma'am.
Okay.
What now?
He's bouncing the signal all over.
If they really put their back into it.
they could walk the call back to Rio. but…
Nothing closer. Untraceable.
Are you good?
Yeah. I'm good.
Go.
Well?
His name is Vico. from a local favela.
He hasn't said much.
and I haven't let the locals ask.
What are we waiting for? I just want--
With all the respect. Mr. President.
we don't know what Creasy
may have told him.
Tappen and I
will interrogate him personally.
I want him cut into pieces
until the answers start to flow.
I will not tolerate one man
operating with impunity.
Making a mockery of--
- I'm so sorry. sir.
- Don't interrupt me.
I'm sorry.
There's a call
I thought you'd want to take.
It's John Creasy.
Mr. Creasy.
I know you've got
a lot going on right now. Mr. President.
so I'm not gonna keep you for too long.
I just want to let you know
that I'm coming to see you.
Is that so?
Unfortunately.
When I get there.
we won't have much time to talk.
You know it's illegal to make threats
like that. even in jest.
Oh. I'm dead serious.
I know what you did. Mr. President.
You. Soares. and Tappen.
And I'm going to make sure
that each one of y'all pay.
I just called to make sure
that you have the opportunity
that the Rayburns
and all the other families
in that building didn't have.
The opportunity to say goodbye
to the people that you love.
Because I am coming
to see you. Mr. President.
And by then it will be too late.
I just called to make sure
that you have the opportunity
that the Rayburns
and all the other families
in that building didn't have.
The opportunity to say goodbye
to the people that you love.
Because I am coming
to see you. Mr. President.
And by then it will be too late.
I want an honest assessment.
Is this man actually capable
of making a bid at an assassination?
Absolutely.
But…
I don't think
that's what's happening here.
What does that mean?
Mm…
Creasy doesn't phone you up
to tell you he's gonna kill you.
He just kills you.
Something's not right.
I want this dealt with once and for all.
We didn't come this far
to let one man screw it all up.
You're absolutely right. Mr. President.
I think it's time we pay a visit to that
member of Creasy's crew you picked up.
Yes.
Sir.
we will get this handled.
I can assure you.
Soares.
Sit down!
Fuck you.
There's no fucking payday worth this.
Payday?
Speak! Respond!
They hired me to crack a safe.
What was in the safe?
Just a key to some safe deposit box.
You're sure?
I'm the one who pulled it out of the safe.
I was like.
"How are they gonna pay me with this?"
So…
So there was
supposed to be money in the safe.
And now there's supposed to be money
in the safe deposit box.
Not money.
But something they're planning to sell.
Like what?
I'm not sure.
They kept talking about a tape.
A tape?
Yeah.
A recording of the president.
President Carmo?
-President Carmo?!
-Yes. yes. President Carmo.
Who was the guy?
Ferraz.
Look at me. Are you sure?
A tape of President Carmo
talking to Ferraz?
Yeah. What does that mean?
Get the whole team together now
and send them to the BCI Bank.
Security box 4488.
Go!
Watch him.
Let's go!
Step back. Move along.
It's clear. Go.
Fuck.
Hello. gentlemen.
I know this isn't the voice
you were expecting to hear.
And that's just the beginning
of all your problems.
I'm afraid that if you're still listening
to this part of the recording
that you've already released the toxins
that will kill you.
What?
Now you might be feeling a slight
burning sensation in your nostrils.
I want to assure you
that it will not last long.
In 20 to 30 minutes you will be dead.
Fuck!
It's toxic!
Let's go now!
All biohazard personnel.
please report to your stations
and prepare for incoming patients.
Melo. Come in.
Yeah.
Creasy.
Go ahead.
Osip says targets are incoming.
Copy that.
You know your part?
Yeah. I go in.
I make sure they see me and draw security
so you can get to Tappen.
Attagirl.
Everyone in place?
Yeah. Livro and I are set.
Hey. I'll be okay.
Creasy. check in.
All right.
We set. we set. we set.
They're here.
Set a perimeter.
No one gets in.
Quickly! Quickly!
Go!
We don't know what we're dealing with yet.
Could be chemical. Could be biological.
We need more MPs.
I'm grabbing the bio-kit.
Shit! Shit!
Poe. come in.
Why are you here?
Someone found me.
but they're not here yet.
Just walk away.
We'll find something else.
Just give me a second. okay?
Poe. get out. Get out.
Here.
No. I can do this.
There. Close the door.
Fuck you.
Stop her!
Stop that girl!
What's your location. Poe?
Security breach in bio lab. floor two.
Look over there!
Poe.
What's your location. Poe?
Where is the girl?!
To the left.
Let's go!
Poe. if you can hear me.
I'm on my way.
Stand down. Creasy. I've got her.
Security's been drawn off.
You have the green light for Tappen.
-Melo? We're headed to the staircase.
-Okay. g--
Fuck.
Damn. Vico!
How the hell did you get out?
Honestly. I'm a fucking natural
at this shit.
We're moving
to the meeting point.
Back off!
Back off! Back off!
Hey. if Poe's here…
Then so is Creasy.
This is a fucking sham.
Moving on Tappen.
All right. lock it down.
Get on the radio. Lock it down.
Lockdown initiated.
All unauthorized personnel
are required to evacuate immediately…
Stop! Hold him. dammit!
Fuck!
…are required to evacuate immediately.
Okay.
Lockdown protocol initiated.
Let's go.
All unauthorized personnel
are required to evacuate immediately…
Headed out now.
Shit!
Exit blown. Poe and I on floor two.
Headed northwest. We will need assistance.
Okay. We're on our way.
Stop fucking shooting!
Get out of the way!
Stop!
- We have the girl.
- Take them down!
Are you okay?
Go. go. go. go. go!
Lockdown protocol initiated.
All unauthorized personnel
are required to evacuate immediately…
Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-Stay here.
Creasy. Creasy. we're pinned
to the second-floor reception area.
We're gonna run out of ammo
before they do. Can you get to us?
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
- Give me the grenade.
- Here.
He has a grenade!
- He has a grenade!
- We hold them or the grenade. not both.
Switch with me.
Melo. now! Let's go! Go!
Tell Ivan to stop firing!
What?!
Say it!
Hold on. Hold on.
He says not to fire.
Oh shit!
I got to give it to you. That tape?
That tape was some inspired shit.
That's the Creasy I used to know. You--
You know?
The one who I had high hopes for.
Until Mexico City got you all fucked up.
So let's think about this.
I mean. let's really
think about this rationally.
You ain't getting out of here
without my help.
And neither is that girl.
So I think it's time
we start talking about your options.
-You think I'm negotiating with you?
-Yeah. I think you should be.
I'm out!
Me too!
Shit!
Creasy!
You've got to hurry up. okay?
I don't want to die--
We need backup. ASAP!
No!
- No. wait. No.
- No!
Creasy!
Come on!
Break down this fucking door!
Let's go. let's go. let's go! Push!
This is from Rayburn.
Push harder!
Harder!
Push! Push!
Shit. I'm out.
- Let's go. Let's go.
- Come on. Go. go. go!
Go left. Go left.
Oh shit! What…
-Just go. I'll be right there.
-Creasy.
-No. Creasy. I can't leave you like this.
-Just keep going. Poe.
Oh shit.
Creasy!
Stop right there. Don't move.
You shoot her. you're dead.
One second later.
Yes. I know.
Given that you've killed Tappen.
I'm not seeing a lot to look forward to.
So…
…drop your fucking gun.
or the last thing you see
will be another dead Rayburn.
Drop it!
Good boy.
Now…
stand up.
I'll give you the honor of going first.
Stand up!
Creasy?
Creasy!
Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh… Oh my God.
Okay. just stay with me. okay?
Okay. You're okay.
No. just stay with me. It's okay.
Oh my God. Oh my…
It's gonna…
You did good.
Creasy.
Oh my God.
Stunning developments tonight
as Brazilian President
JoĂ£o Carmo was arrested
after the release of documents
and video evidence linking him.
his Minister of Defense. Prado Soares.
and a rogue American CIA agent
named Henry Tappen to a conspiracy
to use the FRP as a front to conduct
the bombing of a residential tower in Rio.
John Creasy. at one point
implicated in the bombing.
instead had been coordinating
with a girl orphaned by the bombing
and a small group of Brazilian citizens
in a high-risk effort to expose…
I still can't believe it.
- Hey. Mom. look who I found.
- Melo.
Aw.
-How are you?
-I'm okay. You?
Good to see you.
I was just telling your daughter.
I can't believe you're on the news!
My neighbor! Helping to bring down
the whole fucking government! It's crazy!
If you're surprised. imagine how I feel.
Listen here. the rumor is you're leaving.
Oh no. we're not going anywhere.
So you think things get better
without Carmo?
I mean. I want to believe.
but I admit I'm worried.
I'm worried too.
Maybe if enough of us stay worried.
that's how things can improve.
This sucks.
I signed up for action.
Not boat maintenance.
Ivan said you need to work
on your English before anything else.
Osip doesn't speak English.
But that doesn't seem to be stopping him.
If you'd prefer
to learn Russian.
that would work too.
The last time I saw my family.
I wasn't at my best.
And sometimes. it feels like that regret
is gonna swallow me whole.
Because of what happened to them.
I have nothing to bury.
No ashes to spread.
But I've come around to the idea that
because they raised me the way they did.
my family ultimately left me
with all that I could have asked for.
You don't always realize what you have
until somebody tries to take it away.
And you don't always realize what you need
until you're facing something
too big to tackle alone.
What my family has given me
is the strength to go on.
And what I've learned from my friends
is that I never have to do so alone.
-Hey.
You know. if you want.
you can just stay here
and have lunch with everybody else.
No. No. I want to go.
I could use some time
away from Grandma's house.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Give me a minute.
Okay.
Yeah.
John. Director Moncrief. How are you?
I've already done two debriefings.
I'm not answering any more questions.
John. that's not why I'm calling.
I have tremendous respect
for what you were able to do
and a fair amount of egg on my face
that one of our guys
was the reason you had to do it.
Okay. Well. I…
I accept your apology.
Not an apology. John.
It's an invitation.
I got a situation developing
I'd like you to take a look at.
I'm pretty sure
you already have guys for that.
I do. I do. actually. Long list. in fact.
But no one else has had. uh.
first-hand experience with these guys.
And I do?
Yeah. you ran into them in Mexico City.
I guess the only question is
if that's something
you're ready to revisit.
Send me what you got.